TO DO:

X 1. Make a very simple app with Godot wich only shows a label and export it
X      -make a Label node to show the digits 
X        -adjust font and size
X      -put a background image
X      -maybe do a while loop to increment numbers/change label
X      -find out how to export to .apk - configure it
X      -download it on your phone and test
X 2. Make a simple app with GoDot which only shows the tilt degree of the device.
X      -figure out how to get data from the phone's sensors
         http://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_input.html
X 3. Find out how to run a custom application on your phone, not from the store
 
 To implement the functionality of the ball (or whatever it edns up being), 
 there must be something like power bar to hold the value of the power for the 
 ball. If the ball misses its necessary power ups, the power quickly drops and 
 eventually it is lost, and the game is over. It will start with some value, 
 and then it will start going down. 
 
X 4. Add a sprite and learn how to control it with accelerometer
X      -try to make the object go up, instead of fall
X      -find out how to stop ball from leaving the screen
X      -figure out how to control the character with tilting
X      -make it bounce
X      -see how to control the speed/power it goes up to - maybe increase gravity
       to slow it down?
X 5. Get phone degrees of incline
X      -figure out which sensor you need and how to implement it - accelerometer
X      -figure out how to turn the data from the sensor into actual degrees
 6. Need to find out how to use the degrees of incline to calculate the bounce
    direction
      -either make the collision shape rotate or calculate the modification
       needed for the reflect() vector
      -accelerometer or gyro?? or both??
 7. Make the sprite jump/move all the time
      -find out how to make endless game
 8. Make the sprite bounce off the edges of the scene   
      -use angles to figure out new directions
 9. Think of name
 10. Think of a theme/character
 11. Make an icon 
 
  Interact with the user.
...
 As the game score increases, so does the speed. To implement it the speed could
 either increase on every bounce, which may make the game too ard too soon, or
 increase after a certain number of bounces. So at first each bounce would give
 the player x amout of points, then after the speed increases after e.g. 10x 
 points, each bounce can be worth 2x points, or something simillar.
 Add credits for fonts, pictures, info souces etc.
